Adobe Premiere Frame.io V4 Panel Overview (25.6 and later)
Written by Jared
Updated over a week ago
What’s new in the Frame.io Panel for Premiere 25.6
Access to your Workspaces, Projects, assets, folders, and comments all in one place 

Browse, preview, and import media directly into your Premiere project 

Upload sequences, manage versions, and share cuts without leaving Premiere 

Real-time comment syncing to timeline comment markers 

How to Access the Frame.io Panel in Premiere 25.6
In Premiere 25.6 and later, the Frame.io panel is built natively into Premiere. 

Go to: Window > Frame.io > Frame.io V4 Panel 

 

The panel is also available in the updated Review workspace. 
If the workspace doesn’t display the new panel, go to: Window > Workspaces > Reset to Saved Layout  

Using the Frame.io Premiere Panel

 

The Frame.io panel allows you to browse, import, upload, manage versions, and work with comments directly inside your edit. This guide outlines the steps to access and use the Frame.io Premiere Panel, with compatibility details for different Premiere Pro versions.

  

Getting Started 

 

In the panel, select Sign In or Create an Account to access your Frame.io account. A browser tab will appear for authentication. 

 

Once signed in, the panel will display your V4 Workspaces, Projects, and folders. 

Note: Only V4 accounts are supported in this panel. V3 legacy accounts will appear greyed out. 

 


Browsing & Importing Media
Use the left navigation inside the panel to browse through: 

Workspaces 

Projects 

Folders 

Media 

You can preview supported media and import files directly into your Premiere project. Best of all, your entire Frame.io folder structures can come through perfectly as bins in Premiere. 

To import: 
Select a file → click Import → the asset will appear in your currently selected Premiere bin. 

 

Export & Uploading Sequences
To upload your active sequence: 

Select your sequence in the timeline. 

Open the Frame.io panel. 

Click Export in the 'Current Sequence' section of the panel. 

Set your export name, preset, and upload destination inside your V4 account. 

Click Export or choose Send to Media Encoder. 


Note: When exporting your next version of a cut, the panel with maintain version stacks automatically. You can always turn version stacking off if you want to export to a new file location 

Share Links

 

When a sequence upload finishes, you'll see the options to edit Share Settings and Copy Link at the top of your panel.  

 

Clicking Settings will send you to a new browser tab inside of Frame.io to properly set up a Share link, allowing you to take advantage of Frame.io’s advanced sharing capabilities, such as Share permissions and branding.  

 

Clicking Copy Link is the fastest way to grab the Share link when you're ready to send to other Reviewers for feedback. 

 

You can set link privacy, add people via email, set most security settings, and copy your link to share through whatever messaging platform you prefer. You can open the full share creator experience on web if you find the Share modal too limiting. 

 

Commenting  

 

Once your video is uploaded, comments will populate in real time from your Share link reviewers. 

 

Inside the panel, you can: 

Add new comments 

Reply to existing comments 

Click any comment to jump your playhead to that moment 

Monitor feedback as it arrives 

You can make your own comments or replies below the comment cards. Clicking a comment card will jump your playhead to the correlating moment in your Premiere Pro timeline. 

 

Comment Markers 

 

Toggle Comment Markers on to display comments directly in your timeline. 
Markers remain anchored to the timeline, minimizing de-sync when editing. 

 

Auto-Version Stacking 

 

When your sequence changes, the panel will detect edits and prompt you to upload a New Version. 

 

The new version can automatically stack with prior versions in Frame.io, keeping your editorial revisions organized. You can always turn this feature off if you’d prefer to not leverage auto-version stacking.  

 

To manually version stack, click Export New Version for a single-button upload of your latest edit. 

 